We have a holiday this Friday.
My mom cooks delicious food.
Every guest was welcomed.
The policeman arrested the thief.
A baker bakes bread.
The jacket was made of leather.
he sparrow sipped some water.
My neighbor is working on the computer.
We have to show our gratitude to them.
If you work hard, you will surely succeed.
I shall buy a beautiful gown for myself.
It is important to note down points as you listen.
It was the most important match of his career.
There are many gardens in the city.
The old man was an honest person.
Dispose of the garbage properly.
The children clapped happily when Santa Claus came in.
The old man had traveled far and was tired.
Our cow has given some lovely milk today.
Where did all this litter come from?
We have spread the garbage all over the town.
I received an email from my friend.
The ball smashed through the window.
The brain is located inside the skull.
It started raining and I ran towards the bus stop.
A camel carries travelers through the desert.
The young prince traveled far and wide.
The strong wind blew around the garden.
The children left after saying the prayers.
Tomorrow, we will sell the furniture in the market.
Who bought these beautiful flowers?
The miser digging a hole to bury the gold.
You were making the wrong moves during the game.
His mother baked the cake when he returned home from school.
Dirty clothes were scattered all around.
The teacher welcomed him on behalf of the principal.
There is a bank in front of my school.
Seema is the youngest of all the children in the class.
His family is not as rich as her family.
Pearl oysters are found in many parts of the world.
My shoes squelched as I walked in the rain.
The car in the street rumbled along.
I have been learning English for a long time.
John tells you that his mother is in the hospital.
Emma is the shortest girl in the class.
Australia is the smallest continent in the world.
The ozone layer surrounding the earth’s atmosphere stops these rays.
The gentleman who ordered the boots.
He went to work so that he might help his poor mother.